Note about telemetry in not-VSCode (#126)
microsoft/compose-language-service: README.md

VS Code collects usage data and sends it to Microsoft to help improve our products and services. Read our [privacy statement](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=528096&clcid=0x409) to learn more. If you don’t wish to send usage data to Microsoft, you can set the `telemetry.enableTelemetry` setting to `false`. Learn more in our [FAQ](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/supporting/faq#_how-to-disable-telemetry-reporting).

> If using this language service outside of VS Code (e.g. in Vim), it is not necessary for the language client to forward the telemetry events sent by the server to the client.

Author: ```suggestion
If using this language service outside of VS Code (e.g. in Vim), it is not necessary for the language client to forward the telemetry events sent by the language service to the client.
```

> If using this language service outside of VS Code (e.g. in Vim), it is not necessary for the language client to forward the telemetry events sent by the language service to the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This language service will emit VS Code-specific telemetry events. If using the service outside of VS Code (e.g. in Vim), these telemetry events can be safely ignored.
```
